What's wrong?
What's wrong with you talking nicely?
The group is responsible for real estate
The three core teams of entertainment media and the Internet
Suddenly jumped ship
Several big heads naturally already know about this
We thought there was a change in the group
divestment
Group capital chain broken
It's bankrupt
Why did they suddenly change jobs?
Give them a raise
We must keep them.
If twice doesn't work, then triple
Chen Tiance, did you do it right?
It's Yeli
No matter how much you spend
They're not coming back.
What did you do?
Nothing.
It is to use the full valuation of your night market group.
Dig them up
In their opinion
Exploited from your side
Isn't that them Yingzi?
Tear it all
Can't be true
Not that many.
Just 10 billion